Chickenpox  
Symptoms of chickenpox are sneezing and contact with weeping blisters.


What is Chickenpox
Chickenpox is a highly contagious disease caused by the varicella-zoster virus.


Doctor for chickenpox 
Consult the General Physician.


Flu
Symptoms of Flu are dry cough, tiredness, weakness, fever, a headache, general aches and pains.


What is Flu
Flu is a contagious respiratory illness caused by influenza viruses that infect the nose, throat, and sometimes the lungs.


Doctor for Flu
Consult the General Physician.


Allergies
Symptoms of Allergies are red, itchy, watery eyes, itchy rash, wheezing and coughing.
What is allergies
Allergies are your body's reaction to a normally harmless substance such as pollen, molds, animal dander, latex, certain foods and insect stings.
Doctor for Allergies
Consult the General Physician.


Asthma
Symptoms of Asthma are wheezing, shortness of breath, a tight chest, coughing.
What is Asthma
Asthma is a common long-term condition that can cause coughing, wheezing, chest tightness and breathlessness.


Doctor for Asthma
Consult the Immunologist.


Conjunctivitis (pink eye)
Symptoms of Conjunctivitis are Tearing, irritation & redness of eye , edema of lids, photophobia (light sensitivity) & pus drainage.
What is Conjunctivitis
Conjunctivitis (Pink eye) is the inflammation or infection of the transparent membrane that lines your eyelid and eyeball.


Doctor for conjunctivitis (pink eye)
Consult an Ophthalmologist / Optometrist.


Hepatitis
Symptoms of Hepatitis are Headache, fever, weakness,joint pain,  anorexia,  nausea, vomiting, RUQ pain,jaundice, dark urine,  clay colored stools.


What is Hepatitis 
Hepatitis is inflammation of the liver due to multiple causes.


Doctor for hepatitis 
Consult a Gastroenterologist.


HIV
Symptoms of HIV are Mono-like syndrome, fatigue, fever, sore throat, lymphadenopathy, splenomegaly, rash, diarrhea. Skin lesions; opportunistic infections.


What is HIV 
HIV is a virus that attacks the immune system & causes AIDS.


Doctor for HIV
Doctor of medicine or Doctor of osteopathic medicine.


Influenza 
Symptoms of Influenza are Sudden onset fever for 3-5 days, chills, tiredness, malaise, musculoskeletal aches, nasal discharge, dry cough, mild sore throat.


What is Influenza
Influenza is a contagious respiratory illness caused by influenza viruses that infect the nose, throat, and lungs.


Doctor for Influenza
Consult the General Physician.




Mononucleosis
Symptoms of Mononucleosis are Fatigue, Sore throat, Fever, Swollen lymph nodes, Swollen tonsils, Headache, Skin rash, Soft, swollen spleen.
What is Mononucleosis
Infectious mononucleosis (mono) is often called the kissing disease. The virus that causes mono is spread through saliva.
Doctor for Mononucleosis
Consult the General Physician.


Constipation
Symptoms of Constipation are Difficult and painful bowel movements, bloating ,Abdominal pain.


What is Constipation
Constipation is a condition in which a person has uncomfortable or infrequent bowel movements.


Doctor for Constipation
Consult the gastroenterologist.


Diarrhea
Symptoms of Diarrhea are nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain or weight loss, dehydration.
What is diarrhea
Diarrhea is loose, watery and possibly more-frequent bowel movements.
Doctor for diarrhea
Consult the gastroenterologist.






Hand, foot and mouth disease
Symptoms of Hand, foot and mouth disease are Coughing, sneezing, and poor hand washing Fever flu-like symptoms – rash on soles and palms and in the mouth.


What is Hand,foot and mouth disease 
Hand, foot and mouth disease is a mild, contagious viral infection common in young children and is characterized by sores in the mouth and a rash on the hands and feet.


Doctor for Hand, foot and mouth disease
Consult the General Physician. 




Head lice (Nits)        
Symptoms of Head lice are Itchy scalp, lice.


What is Head lice
Head lice look a bit like dandruff, but aren't removed by brushing or shaking them off.


Doctor for Head lice
Consult the General Physician. 


Measles 
Symptoms of Measles are Coughing,sneezing, runny nose and eyes, cough and fever and rash.


What is Measles 
Measles is an acute viral respiratory illness.


Doctor for Measles 
Consult the Pediatricians.






Ringworm        
Symptoms of Ringworm are Contact with infected skin, bedding and clothing,Flat, ring-shaped rash.


What is Ringworm 
Ringworm is a common skin infection that is caused by a fungus.


Doctor for Ringworm
Consult the Dermatologist.


Rubella (German Measles)  
Symptoms of Rubella are Fever, swollen neck glands and a rash on the face, scalp and body.


What is Rubella
Rubella is a contagious disease caused by a virus. 


Doctor for Rubella
Consult the General Physician.


Scabies        
Symptoms for scabies are infected skin, bedding, clothing, Itchy rash.


What is Scabies
Scabies is an infestation of the skin by the human itch mite.


Doctor for Scabies
Consult the Dermatologist.
                                
Mumps 
Symptoms for mumps include infected saliva, Pain in jaw, then swelling in front of ear and fever.        


What is Mumps
Mumps is a contagious disease that is caused by a virus. 


Doctor for Mumps
Consult the General Physician.
                                


Yellow fever
Symptoms for yellow fever include high temperature (fever), headache, nausea, vomiting ,muscle pain, backache,loss of appetite.
What is Yellow fever 
Yellow fever is a disease caused by a virus that is spread through mosquito bites.


Doctor for Yellow fever 
Consult the General Physician.


Heartattack
Symptoms for heart attack are Chest pain or discomfort, Feeling weak, light-headed, or faint,Pain or discomfort in the jaw, neck, or back,Pain or discomfort in one or both arms or shoulders.
What is Heart Attack
A heart attack, also called a myocardial infarction, happens when a part of the heart muscle doesn't get enough blood. 
Doctor for heart attack
Consult the cardiologist.


Gastritis
Symptoms for gastritis include Gnawing, burning ache,pain in your upper abdomen, indigestion, Nausea,Vomiting.


What is Gastritis
The inflammation of gastritis is most often the result of infection with the same bacterium that causes most stomach ulcers or the regular use of certain pain relievers.


Doctor for Gastritis
Consult the Gastroenterology.


Sprain
Symptoms for sprain are Pain, Swelling, Bruising, Limited ability to move the affected joint, lower back, hearing or feeling a "pop" in your joint at the time of injury.


What is Sprain
A sprain is a stretching or tearing of ligaments — the tough bands of fibrous tissue that connect two bones together in your joints.


Doctor for Sprain
Consult the Orthopedic.


Fever
Symptoms for fever include Sweating, Chills and shivering, Headache, fever, Muscle aches, dehydration.


What is fever
A fever is a body temperature that is higher than normal. It usually means there is an abnormal process occurring in the body.


Doctor for fever
Consult the General Physician.


Common Cold and Cough
Symptoms for Common cold and cough are runny or stuffy nose, sore throat, cough, sneezing.


Doctor for  Common Cold and Cough 
Consult the General Physician.


Throat Infection
Symptoms for throat infection are severe pain with swallowing and swollen, red tonsils.


What is Throat Infection
Throat infections are usually caused by a virus but may be caused by bacteria such as streptococcal bacteria.


Doctor for throat infection
Consult the Otolaryngologist (ENT).


Blood pressure (BP) 
Symptoms for blood pressure include Severe headaches, Nosebleed, Fatigue or confusion, irregular heartbeat.


What is Blood pressure (BP)
Blood pressure (BP) is the pressure of circulating blood against the walls of blood vessels.


Doctor for Blood Pressure(BP)
Consult the Cardiologist.


Diabetes 
Symptoms for diabetes: Urinate a lot, often at night, Lose weight, very thirsty, very hungry, blurry vision, numb or tingling hands or feet.


What is Diabetes 
Diabetes is a chronic health condition that affects how your body turns food into energy.


Doctor for Diabetes
Consult the Endocrinologist.


Thyroid 
Symptoms for Thyroid Fatigue, Increased sensitivity to cold, Constipation, Dry skin, Weight gain, Puffy face and muscle weakness.


What is Thyroid 
Thyroid is a general term for a medical condition that keeps your thyroid from making the right amount of hormones.


Doctor for thyroid
Consult the Endocrinologist.


Hospitals
NMC, Aster, Zulekha.